# Rate Your Education (RYE)

The "Rate Your Education" project aims to rank universities worldwide based on research papers and the on-ground learning environment. It provides valuable insights into the quality of education and academic reputation across institutions.

This repository contains the frontend code for the project. The backend code can be found [here]('').

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Features

- **Research Paper Analysis**: Quantitative and qualitative analysis of research papers published by faculty members and researchers affiliated with each university.
- **On-Ground Learning Environment**: Evaluation of the learning environment based on student-to-faculty ratio, satisfaction surveys, resources, infrastructure, and extracurricular activities.
- **Rankings and Comparison**: Comprehensive rankings generated by combining research paper analysis and on-ground learning environment factors. Users can compare universities using specific criteria and filters.
- **User Reviews and Feedback**: Students and alumni can contribute their experiences and insights through reviews, enriching the assessment of universities.

## Installation

To get started with the World University Rankings project, follow the steps below:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/bensonOSei/rateyoureducation-frontend
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory.

    ```bash
    cd rateyoureducation-frontend
    ```

3. Install the project dependencies.

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

4. Start the development server.

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

5. Open the project in your browser.

    ```bash
    http://localhost:5173
    ```

## Usage

[Instructions on how to use the project, including examples and screenshots]

## Contributing

To contribute to the project, follow the steps below:

1. Fork the repository.

2. Follow the [installation](#installation) instructions.

3. Create a new branch.

    ```bash
    git checkout -b <branch-name>
    ```

4. Make your changes.

5. Commit your changes.

    ```bash
    git commit -m "<commit-message>"
    ```

6. Push your changes.

    ```bash
    git push origin <branch-name>
    ```

7. Open a pull request.

If you have any other questions or need further assistance, feel free to ask!
